[docs] Issue #10389 - Documenting function log level customization (#10617)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/functions-develop.md

All logs produced by `LoggingFunction` above can be accessed via the `persistent://public/default/logging-function-logs` topic.

> #### Customizing Function Log Level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Customize Function log level
```

In Pulsar docs, normally we use the base form of a verb (for easier search) and sentence case for headings.

Additionally, you can use the XML file, `functions_log4j2.xml`, to customize the function log level. 

> To customize the function log level, create or update `functions_log4j2.xml` in your Pulsar conf directory (e.g. `/etc/pulsar/`) to contain contents such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the function log level, create or update `functions_log4j2.xml` in your Pulsar conf directory (for example, `/etc/pulsar/`) to contain contents such as:
```

Author: "e.g.," actually means the same thing as "for example," 
Would you still like me to make this change?

Author: I noticed your other comment about not using contractions. I assume it's the same point here.

                    <maxDepth>2</maxDepth>
                    <IfFileName>
                        <glob>*/${sys:pulsar.function.log.file}.bk*log.gz</glob>
                    </IfFileName>
                    <IfLastModified>
                        <age>30d</age>
                    </IfLastModified>
                </Delete>
            </DefaultRolloverStrategy>
        </RollingRandomAccessFile>
    </Appenders>
    <Loggers>
        <Logger>
            <name>org.apache.pulsar.functions.runtime.shaded.org.apache.bookkeeper</name>
            <level>${sys:bk.log.level}</level>
            <additivity>false</additivity>
            <AppenderRef>
                <ref>BkRollingFile</ref>
            </AppenderRef>
        </Logger>
        <Root>
            <level>${sys:pulsar.log.level}</level>
            <AppenderRef>
                <ref>${sys:pulsar.log.appender}</ref>
                <level>${sys:pulsar.log.level}</level>
            </AppenderRef>
        </Root>
    </Loggers>
</Configuration>
```

The properties set like:
```xml
        <Property>
            <name>pulsar.log.level</name>
            <value>debug</value>
        </Property>
```

> will propagate to places where they're referenced, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
propagate to places where they are referenced, such as:
```

- Use present tense if you are covering facts that were, are, and forever shall be true.
Always use the present tense in technical writing by default. Only use past or future tenses when you’re actually writing about something that happened in the past or will happen in the future.

- Do not use contractions in technical information.

Author: Good feedback. Thanks!

```xml
        <Root>
            <level>${sys:pulsar.log.level}</level>
            <AppenderRef>
                <ref>${sys:pulsar.log.appender}</ref>
                <level>${sys:pulsar.log.level}</level>
            </AppenderRef>
        </Root>
```

> In that above example, debug level logging would be applied to ALL function logs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, debug level logging would be applied to ALL function logs. 
```

This may be more verbose than you desire. To be more selective, you can apply different log levels to different classes or modules. For example:

```xml
        <Logger>
            <name>com.example.module</name>
            <level>info</level>
            <additivity>false</additivity>
            <AppenderRef>
                <ref>${sys:pulsar.log.appender}</ref>
            </AppenderRef>
        </Logger>
```
You can be more specific as well, such as applying a more verbose log level to a class in the module, such as:
```xml
        <Logger>
            <name>com.example.module.className</name>
            <level>debug</level>
            <additivity>false</additivity>
            <AppenderRef>
                <ref>Console</ref>
            </AppenderRef>
        </Logger>
```

> Each `<AppenderRef>` entry allows you to output the log to a target specified in the definition of the Appender. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `<AppenderRef>` entry allows you to output the log to a target specified in the definition of the Appender
```

```xml 
<additivity>false</additivity>
```

> prevents the logger from duplicating log messages in the case that more than one or more `<Logger>` entries overlap a class or module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and prevent the logger from duplicating log messages in the case that more than one or more `<Logger>` entries overlap a class or module.
```

do you mean this? 
`xx allows you to output xxx and prevent xxx`? or 
`xx allows you to output xxx, which prevents xxx`?

Author: @Anonymitaet I made a change to this section to try to make my intended meaning clearer. PTAL

All logs produced by `LoggingFunction` above can be accessed via the `persistent://public/default/logging-function-logs` topic.

#### Customize Function log level
Additionally, you can use the XML file, `functions_log4j2.xml`, to customize the function log level. 

> To customize the function log level, create or update `functions_log4j2.xml` in your Pulsar conf directory (for example, `/etc/pulsar/`) to contain contents such as:

Reviewer 2: Can we refer to /pulsar/conf ?
This is the path you have when you run on k8s/docker and it is widely used

Author: Added.

> To customize the function log level, create or update `functions_log4j2.xml` in your Pulsar conf directory (for example, `/etc/pulsar/` on bare-metal, or `/pulsar/conf` on Kubernetes) to contain contents such as:

Author: @eolivelli I added a snippet on the Kubernetes path. Is this what you were looking for?

Reviewer 2: Perfect. Thanks

```

All logs produced by `LoggingFunction` above can be accessed via the `logging-function-logs` topic.

> Additionally, you can specify the function log level through the broker XML file, as described here: [Customizing Function Log Level](#customizing-function-log-level)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can specify the function log level through the broker XML file as described in [Customize Function log level](#customize-function-log-level).
```

}
```

When you use `logTopic` related functionalities in Go Function, import `github.com/apache/pulsar/pulsar-function-go/logutil`, and you do not have to use the `getLogger()` context object.

> Additionally, you can specify the function log level through the broker XML file, as described here: [Customizing Function Log Level](#customizing-function-log-level)

Reviewer: same
